Previously in this course, you explored a quantum Monte Carlo application of an Ising model.  An Ising model is generally known to be a Markov random field and has been used to model many physical systems and interesting problems (modeling ferromagnetics, phase transitions, step-growth of a polymer chain, etc.).  A Markov process can be viewed as a random walk where each step is only contingent upon the previous step but is otherwise random.  In this module we will use the phenomenon of superposition (taking all allowed steps at once) to quadratically increase the speed to locate a marked lattice point for a random walk on a 4-dimensional hypercube where each vertex is connected only to its nearest neighbors.  To realize this quantum walk we will implement an algorithm based on the works of Szegedy and Wong.  Szegedy formally introduced the problem speed-up of a Markov process using a quantum algorithm and Wong showed the equivalency of Szegedy's quantum walk to a Markov process that uses part of Grover's algorithm to generate the superposition needed for the quadratic speed-up.  Alternatively, you can use the Hadamard gate to develop the desired superposition.  This exercise is adapted from the Qiskit textbook, so if you get stuck you can look here: https://qiskit.org/textbook/ch-algorithms/quantum-walk-search-algorithm.html

More information about the use of Grover's algorithm in a quantum walk protocol can be found in the following references:

M. Szegedy, Quantum speed-up of Markov chain based algorithms, in45th Annual IEEE Symposium on Foundations of Computer Science, Proceedings, IEEE Comp Soc, Tech Soc Fdn Comp (IEEE COM-PUTER SOC, 2004) pp. 32–41.

T. G. Wong, Equivalence of Szegedy’s and coined quantum walks, Quantum Inf. Process., 10.1007/s11128-017-1667-y (2017).
